#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --strip-extras
#

anyio==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
astroid==2.15.7
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via ipyflow-core
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.0.4
    # via python-lsp-server
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
black==23.9.1
    # via ipyflow-core
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via black
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.7
    # via pylint
docstring-to-markdown==0.12
    # via python-lsp-server
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
flake8==6.1.0
    # via python-lsp-server
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via yapf
ipyflow==0.0.189
    # via -r requirements.in
ipyflow-core==0.0.189
    # via ipyflow
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via
    #   ipyflow-core
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.15.0
    # via
    #   ipyflow-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via
    #   ipyflow-core
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via pylint
jedi==0.19.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   python-lsp-server
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.19.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via ipyflow
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-lsp
jupyter-server==2.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.6
    # via
    #   ipyflow
    #   jupyterlab-lsp
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-lsp==5.0.0rc0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
    #   python-lsp-server
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via ipyflow
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via
    #   ipyflow-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
notebook==7.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipyflow
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytoolconfig
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pylint
    #   pytoolconfig
    #   yapf
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via python-lsp-server
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyccolo==0.0.49
    # via ipyflow-core
pycodestyle==2.11.0
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
    #   python-lsp-server
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via python-lsp-server
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   python-lsp-server
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pylint==2.17.6
    # via python-lsp-server
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-lsp-jsonrpc==1.1.2
    # via python-lsp-server
python-lsp-server==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytoolconfig==1.2.5
    # via rope
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.4
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.0
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rope==1.9.0
    # via python-lsp-server
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via yapf
tomlkit==0.12.1
    # via pylint
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.10.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipyflow-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   pyccolo
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via pyccolo
ujson==5.8.0
    # via
    #   python-lsp-jsonrpc
    #   python-lsp-server
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.5
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
whatthepatch==1.0.5
    # via python-lsp-server
wheel==0.41.2
    # via astunparse
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via astroid
yapf==0.40.2
    # via python-lsp-server
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
